System.CommandLine docs update (#46594)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/commandline/get-started-tutorial.md

## Create the app

Create a .NET 9 console app project named "scl".

1. Create a folder named *scl* for the project, and then open a command prompt in the new folder.

1. Run the following command:

   ```dotnetcli

>    dotnet new console --framework net9.0

Reviewer: Is the version important? Can we just create a new .NET console app and things will work regardless? The previous release supported standard 2.0, is that still the case with beta 5? Does the code shown in here use some .NET 9-specific feature?

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/get-started-tutorial/csharp/Stage0/Program.cs" id="errors" :::

* The `ReadFile` method reads the specified file and displays its contents on the console:

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/get-started-tutorial/csharp/Stage0/Program.cs" id="action" :::

## Test the app

You can use any of the following ways to test while developing a command-line app:

* Run the `dotnet build` command, and then open a command prompt in the *scl/bin/Debug/net9.0* folder to run the executable:

  ```console
  dotnet build
  cd bin/Debug/net9.0
  scl --file scl.runtimeconfig.json
  ```

* Use `dotnet run` and pass option values to the app instead of to the `run` command by including them after `--`, as in the following example:

  ```dotnetcli
  dotnet run -- --file bin/Debug/net9.0/scl.runtimeconfig.json
  ```

This tutorial assumes you're using the first of these options.

When you run the app, it displays the contents of the file specified by the `--file` option.

```output
{
  "runtimeOptions": {
    "tfm": "net9.0",
    "framework": {
      "name": "Microsoft.NETCore.App",
      "version": "9.0.0"
    }
  }
}
```

> But what happens if you ask it to display the help by providing `--help`? Nothing gets printed to the console, because the app doesn't yet handle a scenario, where `--file` is not provided and there are no parse errors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
But what happens if you ask it to display the help by providing `--help`? Nothing gets printed to the console, because the app doesn't yet handle the scenario where `--file` is not provided and there are no parse errors.
```

## Parse the arguments and invoke the ParseResult

> System.CommandLine allows the users to specify an action that is invoked when given symbol (command, directive or option) is parsed successfully. The action is a delegate that takes a <xref:System.CommandLine.ParseResult> parameter and returns an `int` exit code (async actions are also [available](parse-and-invoke.md#asynchronous-actions)). The exit code is returned by the <xref:System.CommandLine.Parsing.ParseResult.Invoke> method and can be used to indicate whether the command was executed successfully or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
System.CommandLine allows you to specify an action that's invoked when a given symbol (command, directive, or option) is parsed successfully. The action is a delegate that takes a <xref:System.CommandLine.ParseResult> parameter and returns an `int` exit code (async actions are also [available](parse-and-invoke.md#asynchronous-actions)). The exit code is returned by the <xref:System.CommandLine.Parsing.ParseResult.Invoke> method and can be used to indicate whether the command was executed successfully or not.
```
